feat(cockpit): updates (#4172)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/cockpit.mdx

## How am I billed for using Cockpit with my Scaleway data?

Using Cockpit with your Scaleway data is free of charge.

> During the beta of retention period edition, the retention period you set for your data (from [Scaleway resources integrated with Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#product-integration-into-cockpit) and custom data) is free of charge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the beta of the retention period edition feature, the retention period you set for your data (from [Scaleway resources integrated with Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#product-integration-into-cockpit) and custom data) is free of charge.
```

> During the beta of the retention period edition feature, the retention period you set for your data (from [Scaleway resources integrated with Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#product-integration-into-cockpit) and custom data) is free of charge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the beta phase of the retention period edition feature, the retention period you set for your data - whether from [Scaleway resources integrated with Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#product-integration-into-cockpit) or custom data - will be free of charge.
```

Additional costs apply for sending custom data to Cockpit. This means that you will be billed for sending **data from Scaleway resources that are not integrated with Cockpit**, or data from any other external resources.

## How am I billed for using Cockpit with custom data?

Custom data is any data that is external to Scaleway, or **data from Scaleway resources not integrated with Cockpit**. Refer to the [dedicated documentation page](/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#product-integration-into-cockpit) to find out which resources are integrated with Cockpit.

> During the beta of retention period edition, the retention period you set for your custom data is free of charge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the beta of the retention period edition feature, the retention period you set for your custom data is free of charge.
```
